[Autogenerated] users and I am allow you to manage
authentication and access for a single entity,
sometimes a person,
but other times an application or resource from the I am console,
you can manage a user's access and permissions easily.
But as the number of users rise management can become complex.
This is why Amazon provides the group's functionality as well.
Groups allow you to apply policies to a group of users
that have been added to set group.
In fact, amazon suggests applying policies to groups instead of users.
Since it is easier to manage permissions that way,
users can be added to more than one group as well.
So there's no problems with making groups as specific
as you want as a best practice.
Amazon suggests not using your root account to do things in A W.
S because you have unlimited permissions to do just about anything.
Instead,
it is suggested to create a user and login under that
account to administer services in AWS.
So let's do that now in the AWS management console.
Go to the I AM dashboard on the left hand side, select the users option.
Now we want to make a new user.
So click the add user button,
enter a user name that you'll use for yourself here.
It's probably best to make it different from your root login.
To avoid confusion,
we will replace our AWS Cli access key with the one assigned to this user.
So click the programmatic access button,
click next we're not going to set any permissions for this user just yet.
So click next and then next again and finally create user.
Now either download the credentials or copy the credentials
here and save them somewhere temporarily.
When you're done, click the close button before we modify our user.
We just created let's update the access keys and our AWS cli open up a
command line and type AWS configure this prompt should seem familiar but
it now has some new values and brackets.
These are the previously configured values.
Input the new access key and secret that we just generated with
our new user at the default region and output fields hit enter
to accept what you entered before.
Now our Cli and SDK is configured to use the users access that we
just created if we try the test operation we did before by entering
a W S E C to describe dash instances.
A message should output saying you aren't authorized to perform this operation,
which is perfect because we haven't given this user any permissions yet.
Now, back in the console,
let's improve our root account security by deleting that root access key,
click on your name in the upper right and select security credentials,
expand the access keys section and find the key that you created previously.
And select the delete option next to it.
Go through these weird steps to permanently delete the key and
then you'll have completed another AWS security.
Best practice awesome.
Now our account is even more secure.
Back to our user.
We will be logging in as this user to administer
services for the rest of this course.
So let's give it some permissions.
Remember amazon suggests applying policies to groups.
So let's create an admin group for our user to be
added to from the I am dashboard, click the user groups menu option on the left,
then click the create group button, name this group admin.
Now scroll down.
We won't be adding the user here because I want to show you how to
do that in a different way a little bit later.
Go ahead and keep scrolling to the permission section.
Although amazon also suggests following the principle of least privilege and
only giving users access to what they absolutely need.
Including groups applying this principle will make the rest
of this course really difficult because we're gonna be
doing a lot of different things.
So for the purposes of this course we're just going to
let our user do pretty much anything.
So use this filter box to search for administrator and
then click the checkbox next to administrator access to
attach that policy to this group.
This will give our admin group access to do almost anything in AWS.
You can tailor this to your needs later as well.
Since you can apply and remove policies to users or
groups anytime you want with.
I am finally click the create group button.
Now you can go about adding users to a group from either
the group screen or the user screen.
Since we're already at groups, let's just do it here.
Click on our admin group and then click the add users
to group button in the users tab.
We've only got one user so select that.
And click add users Now you should see the users tab again for your admin
group and your user you just added should be visible.
I want us to confirm the permissions that have been assigned to the user.
So click the user that you just created then on the permissions tab
you'll see that the administrator access policy is showing is
attached to that user next to the policy.
It says that the policy is coming from the group admin
which is exactly as it should be.
And so this is showing that by adding a policy to a
group and the user to a group.
The policy is then applied to the user.
Now we have one last step to finishing setting up this
user and that's configuring the sign in credentials for
the user from the user screen.
Select the security credentials, tap in the sign in credentials section.
You'll see a few options that you can configure for a user to
log into our account through the console.
There must be a password configured,
click the manage link next to console password and the model that pops up,
select the enable radio button for console access,
then select custom password and enter a password of your choice.
You can see there are some other options to create an auto
generated password and to require the user to create a new
password after their next sign in.
I do use these when configuring new users during my day job
and recommend you do the same but don't worry about it here
go ahead and click apply now.
We have a user with a password and permissions.
We'll be using this user to sign in for the rest of
this course so let's give it a shot.
Users won't use the login screen that we've used so far in this
course that one is only for root logins instead they'll use a
login URL with the AWS account I.
D.
Already built in.
You can see the URL here on the user screen but you can also find it
on the I am dashboard for your account right here,
copy that link to save it and then log out of the current AWS session.
Once the log out is complete pacey URL and your browser and navigate to it.
You'll see that this login screen looks slightly different than it did before.
There's a field for an account number which is pre
populated based on the link that you entered.
This is how a.
W.
S.
Will connect your log in to your account,
enter the username and password for the user we created and sign in in
the upper right hand corner you should see the user name and account
number instead of the root account name.
Now we're all set up to continue working in our AWS account for the rest of this course.